W 22008605 vibes new features fa (#620)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/vibes-conversation-history.adoc

You can remove past tasks in two ways:

* *Delete specific tasks* – Deletes the specific tasks you select.
* *Delete all history* – Clears all tasks.

== Reduce Token Usage with Chat History Summaries

MuleSoft Vibes automatically summarizes conversation history to reduce total token consumption while preserving relevant context.

> As tasks grow in complexity, conversation history can become large. Instead of sending the full history with each interaction, Vibes compacts previous messages into summaries. This helps maintain performance and reduces the number of tokens used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As tasks grow in complexity, conversation history becomes larger. Instead of sending the full history with each interaction, Vibes compacts previous messages into summaries. This maintains performance and reduces tokens usage.
```

Chat history summaries:

* Preserve the intent and key decisions from earlier steps
* Reduce redundant context sent to the model

> * Help keep interactions fast and efficient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keep interactions fast and efficient
```
